# FullStackProjec
Participation is an essential and most significant standards required in all the instruction system.Attendance is utilized as a record to survey understudy consistency in partake the class.Therefore, understudy is required to go to all training exercises held by the institutions.Once participation is beneath the necessary strategy, the understudy will be exposed to additionally move or suspended from making the last test of the year rely upon the particular establishments they are in. This illogical strategy will prompt misrepresentation on number of non-attendants by understudies. Alongside, this technique additionally effectively consider pantomime as some understudy may intentionally sign on another understudy's name. Plus, speaker needs to investigate physically every participation sheet to distinguish the quantity of truants for both talk and lab classes compare to subject. At that point, speaker needs to tally and figure level of present of the considerable number of understudies physically to distinguish when notice letter should be given to the understudy rely upon their number of absents without giving any clinical declaration or notice. Therefore, it is tedious, increment number of works of the speaker and inclined to human blunder as it is hard to find out whether the figuring made was right. In addition, understudy needs to invest superfluously energy during class meeting to sign on the participation sheet. This likewise upsetting and understudy may lose center when the participation sheet is going around during the class meeting. Along these lines, Student Attendance Management System is proposed to help or diminish teacher's work. This framework encourages to get to or deal with the participation data of the considerable number of classes.
